Terraform TextMate Test Infrastructure (#912)
hashicorp/vscode-terraform: DEVELOPMENT.md

## Syntax Grammar Tests

Automated TextMate grammar tests can be written using [vscode-tmgrammar-test](https://github.com/PanAeon/vscode-tmgrammar-test) and live inside `./tests`.

To start the test suite from the command-line run:

```bash
npm test:syntax
```

## Writing TextMate Grammar

The following workflow is recommended to work on Terraform TextMate grammar:

1. Add or modify grammar in the `terraform.tmGrammar.json` file inside the `syntaxes` directory.
1. Add a new unit test file or modify existing unit test files inside the test/unit/terraform directory.
1. Run `npm run test:grammar` until the tests pass
1. Add a new example Terraform file or modify existing unit test files inside the test/snapshot/terraform directory.
1. Run `npm run test:snap` until the tests pass. 

> Tip: Running `npm run test:snap -- -u` after modifying the tmGrammar file will give you a quick visual representation of how the tokens are being resolved. This can aid in crafting unit tests.

## Writing Grammar Unit Tests

> Unit tests are Terraform files with `vscode-tmgrammar-test` token lines specifying which TextMate grammer should be resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests are Terraform files with `vscode-tmgrammar-test` token lines specifying which TextMate grammar should be resolved.
```

For example:

> Note: This is shortened to demonstrate, actual syntax will vary

```
resource "example" "thing" {
;         ^^^^^^^ source.terraform string.quoted.double.terraform
;                   ^^^^^ source.terraform string.quoted.double.terraform
;                          ^ source.terraform punctuation.section.block.begin.terraform
}
; <- source.terraform punctuation.section.block.end.terraform

```

## Writing Grammar Snapshot Tests

Snapshot tests comprise of two files: example files and their companion `snap` file.

Snapshot test example files are Terraform files without any `vscode-tmgrammar-test` token lines. Each example file is exactly how you would see it used in production. This ensures scope, inheritance, and resolution of tokens happen exactly as they would on a user's machine.

> The companion `snap` file is named the same as the example file with the `.snap` extension, and is the tmGrammar represenation of all resolved tokens. This file is commited alongside the example file. If anything changes with regards to how the tokens are resolved, the snapshot test will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The companion `snap` file is named the same as the example file with the `.snap` extension, and is the tmGrammar representation of all resolved tokens. This file is committed alongside the example file. If anything changes with regards to how the tokens are resolved, the snapshot test will fail.
```
